[scalardb-cluster] Support Encryption in ScalarDB Cluster chart (#274)
scalar-labs/helm-charts: charts/scalardb-cluster/README.md

| fullnameOverride | string | `""` | String to fully override scalardb-cluster.fullname template |
| nameOverride | string | `""` | String to partially override scalardb-cluster.fullname template (will maintain the release name) |
| scalardbCluster.affinity | object | `{}` | The affinity/anti-affinity feature, greatly expands the types of constraints you can express. |

> | scalardbCluster.encryption.enabled | bool | `false` | Enable encryption feature. You must enable encryption when you use the encryption feature of ScalarDB Cluster. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| scalardbCluster.encryption.enabled | bool | `false` | Enable the encryption feature. To use encryption in ScalarDB Cluster, you must enable the encryption feature. |
```

> | scalardbCluster.encryption.type | string | `""` | Type of encryption. You must set the same value as "scalar.db.cluster.encryption.type" of ScalarDB Cluster. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| scalardbCluster.encryption.type | string | `""` | Type of encryption. You must set this value to the same value as "scalar.db.cluster.encryption.type" for ScalarDB Cluster. |
```

> | scalardbCluster.encryption.vault | object | `{"tls":{"caRootCertSecret":"","enabled":false}}` | Vault specific configurations. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| scalardbCluster.encryption.vault | object | `{"tls":{"caRootCertSecret":"","enabled":false}}` | Vault-specific configurations. |
```

> | scalardbCluster.encryption.vault.tls | object | `{"caRootCertSecret":"","enabled":false}` | TLS configurations to access from ScalarDB Cluster to Vault by using TLS. |

Reviewer 2: It's more like a question to @brfrn169.
I don't see TLS-related configurations in the current doc, but are they going to be added?
https://github.com/scalar-labs/docs-internal-scalardb/pull/452

Author: Ah, I see. I overlooked it.
I will create a PR to add those TLS configurations!

Author: I created the PRs!
- https://github.com/scalar-labs/docs-internal-scalardb/pull/488
- https://github.com/scalar-labs/docs-internal-scalardb/pull/489

Reviewer 3: @kota2and3kan Thanks!

> | scalardbCluster.encryption.vault.tls | object | `{"caRootCertSecret":"","enabled":false}` | TLS configurations to access from ScalarDB Cluster to Vault by using TLS. When you use HCP Vault Dedicated, you don't need to set these TLS configurations even though HCP Vault Dedicated uses HTTPS. You need to set these TLS configurations if and only if you use other HashiCorp Vault deployments than HCP Vault Dedicated, for example, self-hosted HashiCorp Vault. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| scalardbCluster.encryption.vault.tls | object | `{"caRootCertSecret":"","enabled":false}` | TLS configurations to provide access from ScalarDB Cluster to Vault by using TLS. If you're using HashiCorp Cloud Platform (HCP) Vault Dedicated, you don't need to set these TLS configurations even though HCP Vault Dedicated uses HTTPS. You need to set these TLS configurations only if you're using HashiCorp Vault deployments other than HCP Vault Dedicated, like a self-hosted HashiCorp Vault. |
```

> | scalardbCluster.encryption.vault.tls.caRootCertSecret | string | `""` | Name of the Secret containing the custom CA root certificate for TLS communication between ScalarDB Cluster and Vault. The certificate file will be mounted under the /encryption/vault/tls/certs/ directory in the ScalarDB Cluster pod. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| scalardbCluster.encryption.vault.tls.caRootCertSecret | string | `""` | Name of the Secret containing the custom CA root certificate for TLS communication between ScalarDB Cluster and Vault. The certificate file will be mounted under the `/encryption/vault/tls/certs/` directory in the ScalarDB Cluster pod. |
```

> | scalardbCluster.encryption.vault.tls | object | `{"caRootCertSecret":"","enabled":false}` | TLS configurations to provide access from ScalarDB Cluster to Vault by using TLS. If you're using HashiCorp Cloud Platform (HCP) Vault Dedicated, you don't need to set these TLS configurations because HCP Vault Dedicated uses trusted (well-known) CA and ScalarDB Cluster can validate the certificate that is provided by HCP Vault Dedicated. You need to set these TLS configurations only if you need to set a custom CA root certificate, for example, you're using your private CA together with HashiCorp Vault deployments other than HCP Vault Dedicated, like a self-hosted HashiCorp Vault. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| scalardbCluster.encryption.vault.tls | object | `{"caRootCertSecret":"","enabled":false}` | TLS configurations to provide access from ScalarDB Cluster to Vault by using TLS. If you're using HashiCorp Cloud Platform (HCP) Vault Dedicated, you don't need to set these TLS configurations because HCP Vault Dedicated uses a trusted, well-known CA and ScalarDB Cluster can validate the certificate that is provided by HCP Vault Dedicated. You need to set these TLS configurations only if you need to set a custom CA root certificate, for example, you're using your private CA together with HashiCorp Vault deployments other than HCP Vault Dedicated, like a self-hosted HashiCorp Vault. |
```
